Add docs to MI jmx monitoring using Jolokia (#5885)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/observe/micro-integrator/classic-observability-metrics/jmx-monitoring.md

See the list of [Micro Integrator MBeans](#mbeans-for-the-micro-integrator) that you can monitor.

## Monitoring a WSO2 product with Jolokia

[Jolokia](https://jolokia.org) is a JMX-HTTP bridge, which is an alternative to JSR-160 connectors. It is an agent-based approach that supports many platforms. In addition to basic JMX operations, it enhances JMX monitoring with unique features like bulk requests and fine-grained security policies.

> Follow the steps below to use Jolokia to monitor a WSO2 product using JVM Agent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to use Jolokia to monitor a WSO2 product using a JVM Agent. 
```

2. Add it to the `<MI_HOME>/dropins/` directory.
3. Start the WSO2 product server.
4. Get the PID of wso2 server
5. Start the JVM Agent ex: java -jar jolokia-jvm-1.7.1.jar --host=localhost --port=9764 start <PID>
6. Also you can call it with --help to get a short usage information:

   Once the server starts, you can read MBeans using Jolokia APIs. The following are a few examples.

    -   List all available MBeans: `http://localhost:9763/jolokia/list` (Change the appropriate hostname and port accordingly.)
    -   WSO2 ESB MBean:
        ```
        http://localhost:9763/jolokia/read/org.apache.synapse:Name=https-sender,Type=PassThroughConnections/ActiveConnections
        ```

    -   Reading Heap Memory: `http://localhost:9763/jolokia/read/java.lang:type=Memory/HeapMemoryUsage`

Follow the steps below to use Jolokia to monitor a WSO2 product using OSGi Agent.

1. Download [Osgi-Agent (full bundle)](https://jolokia.org/download.html). (These instructions are tested with the Jolokia OSGI Agent version 1.7.1 by downloading the `jolokia-osgi-bundle-1.7.1.jar` file.)
2. Add it to the `<MI_HOME>/dropins/` directory.
3. Start the WSO2 product server.

> 4. You can define the port with System Variables ex: ./micro-integrator.sh -Dorg.osgi.service.http.port=9763

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You can define the port with system variables. E.g., `./micro-integrator.sh -Dorg.osgi.service.http.port=9763`
```
